Hi, everyone. Welcome to lesson on Feature Engineering and Labeling.
Here's the notebook that we'll use to practice coding for this entire lesson.
So, I'll just read this section for you,
feature engineering and labeling.
We'll use the price volume data and generate features that we can feed into a model.
Will use this notebook for all the coding exercises of this lesson.
So, please open this notebook in a separate tab of your browser.
Then after that, please, run the following code up to and
including Make Factors. I'll show you this later.
Then continue on with the lesson.
Okay. So, what I mean is,
in your classroom you can go here,
you can right-click and open the link in a new tab.
So, that you'll still have this original classroom to watch the videos,
and you'll have a separate tab where you'll be able to work on the code.
Okay. Also if you don't want to see these horizontal bars on the top and bottom.
You can also hover your mouse over the Jupyter icon,
right-click and open that link in a new tab.
So, now you won't have those horizontal headers anymore.
We're working on that notebook feature engineering,
can the other notebooks, we'll see in a later lesson.
Okay. So, it says please run the following code up to and including Make Factors.
So, that means just run all these cells.
Okay, up to and including Make Factors.
So, here are just factors that we've seen in a previous project, okay.
So, we're just going to be using those for our coding exercise.
Now, says, stop here and continue on with the lesson. So, that's what we'll do.
So, if you want,
you can close this version of the notebook,
because we already have the notebook here.
Note, that for the first time you're running this,
the pip install will take about eight to nine minutes.
So, just how that running in a separate tab while you continue on with the lesson.
Okay, thanks.